Add green arrow CTA to train to teach section (#4611)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/if-you-have-a-degree.md

calls_to_action:
  find:
    name: find
cta_arrow_link:
  expect:
    link_target: "/train-to-be-a-teacher/initial-teacher-training"

>     link_text: "Find out what to expect on your teacher training" 

Reviewer: During?

>     link_text: "Find out what to expect on your teacher training" 

Author: ```suggestion
    link_text: "Find out what to expect during your teacher training" 
```

  funding:
    link_target: "/funding-and-support"
    link_text: "Find out how to fund your training"
  choosecourse:
    link_target: "/train-to-be-a-teacher/how-to-choose-your-teacher-training-course"

>     link_text: "Find out how to decide on the best course for you"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    link_text: "Find out how to choose the best course for you"
```
